feat(cli): test json output (#4568)
winglang/wing: docs/docs/02-concepts/04-tests.md

Refer to the TESTS section in the image below. You have the option to run all tests or a single test.
![image](https://github.com/winglang/wing/assets/1727147/7d5ebc00-9316-41d1-9a3c-0e28e195d077)

> ### Saving test output to a json file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Saving test output to a file
```

> In order to save a test output to a json file, add the relative path to the file (`.json` extension is required) to the `-o` or `--output-file` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save test output to a file, add the relative path to the file to the `-o` or `--output-file` option. The format is inferred by the extension, only .json is supported at the moment.
```
